Add "Code Structure" documentation (#33)
microsoft/hyperspace: docs/_docs/07-dg-code-structure.md

> toc: true

Reviewer: update date as well?

Author: Done

---

Hyperspace code is written in Scala and it is using 'sbt' as the build tool. Below is the list of folders in the code base hierarchy:
### docs

> “docs” folder should be the starting point for looking into Hyperspace code base. It contains useful documentations on different aspects of Hyperspace project, including coding and formatting guidelines, Hyperspace configurations and information on how to build the project in various environments. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
“docs” folder contains useful documentation on different aspects of Hyperspace including coding, contribution and formatting guidelines, and information on how to build the project in various environments. You can access the documentation using the [Hyperspace Documentation](https://microsoft.github.io/hyperspace/docs/ug-quick-start-guide/) site.
```

Author: Done.

> ### src

Reviewer 3: Can we move `src` to the top?
Also can you add some new lines around ### to make it more readable?

Author: Done.

“src” folder contains Hyperspace’s source and test code. 
The source code is available under:
* src/main/scala/com/microsoft/hyperspace

The source code includes implementation of core functionality and features of Hyperspace and is organized in different packages:

> - **actions** : It includes the implementation of Hyperspace actions to create, maintain and remove indexes in a concurrent manner.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **actions** : Implementation of Hyperspace actions to create, maintain and remove indexes in a concurrent manner.
```

Author: Done.

> - **index**: It includes implementation of Hyeprspace indexes, optimizations rules and other core features. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **index**: Implementation of Hyeprspace indexes, optimizations rules and other core features. 
```

Author: Done.

> - **util**: Various utility codes that are used by different features and components are added here.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **util**: Various utility functions that are used by different features and components.
```

Author: Done.

> 

Reviewer 3: how about code at `src/main/scala/com/microsoft/hyperspace`? and `org/apache/spark`?

Author: Done

Reviewer 3: How about something like:

**`src/main/scala/com/microsoft/hyperspace`**
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|- **`actions`**: blah
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|- **`index`**: blah
**`src/main/scala/org/apache/spark`**
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|- **`dir`**: blah

Author: Done.

> If you are working on adding changes to Hyeprspace, you would need to add or modify code in above packages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are working on adding changes to Hyperspace, you would need to add or modify code in above packages.
```

Author: Done.

The test code is available under:
* src/test/scala/com/microsoft/hyperspace

The test code has a similar structure as the source code and each package in the test code includes unit test cases for the corresponding feature or functionality from the source code. Any code change or additional feature implementation needs to add relevant cases which fully cover the modified code.
### dev

> “dev” folder contains required resources for contributing code to the Hyperspace project as a developer. Currently, it includes the Scala formatting configuration file that is needed to make sure any new code change complies with the Hyperspace’s coding guidelines.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
“dev” folder contains required resources for contributing code to the Hyperspace. Currently, it includes the Scala formatting configuration file that is needed to make sure any new code change complies with Hyperspace’s [coding guidelines](https://microsoft.github.io/hyperspace/docs/dg-contributing/).
```

Author: Done.

### build

> Hyperspace uses “sbt” is the build tool for building its code. “build” folder contains sbt build scripts and configurations which are used to create an artifact from Hyperspace code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Hyperspace uses “sbt” as the build tool for building its code. “build” folder contains sbt build scripts and configurations which are used to create an artifact from Hyperspace source code.
```

Author: Done.

### project

> “project” folder contains additional sbt build properties and plugin configurations which are needed to correctly format Hyperspace code and build it to generate a Hyperspace artifact.

Reviewer 3: `“project” folder contains additional sbt build properties and plugin configurations.` is good enough.

Author: Done.
